1.Question 1
Heights of 10 year-olds, regardless of gender, closely follow a normal distribution with mean 55 inches and standard deviation 6 inches. 
Which of the following is true?
    A normal probability plot of heights of a random sample of 500 10 year- olds people should show a fairly straight line.

2.Question 2
While it is often assumed that the probabilities of having a boy or a girl are the same, the actual probability of having a boy is 
slightly higher at 0.51. Suppose a couple plans to have 3 children. What is the probability that exactly 2 of them will be boys?
    0.38

3.Question 3
You are about to take a multi-day tour through a national park which is famous for its wildlife. 
The tour guide tells you that on any given day there’s a 61% chance that a visitor will see at least one “big game” animal, 
and a 39% chance they’ll see no big game animals; when the tour guide says “big game”, he refers to either a moose or a bear. 
The guide assures you that big game sightings on a single day are independent of any other day’s sightings. 
Given the information from the tour guide, which of the following calculations cannot be performed using a binomial distribution?
    Calculate the probability that you see at least 4 big game animals on the first day of a 5-day trip.

4.Question 4
Your friend is about to begin an introductory chemistry course at his university. The course has collected data from students on their study 
habits for many years, and the professor reports that study times (in hours) for the final exam closely follow a normal distribution 
with mean 24 and standard deviation 4. What percentage of students study 34 hours or more?
    less than 2.5%

5.Question 5
Which of the following is false? Hint: It might be useful to sketch the distributions.
    --Z scores are defined for observations from distributions of any shape and skew.
    --Calculating percentiles based on the Z table is only appropriate for observations that come from (nearly) normal distributions.

6.Question 6
About 30% of human twins are identical, and the rest are fraternal. Identical twins are necessarily the same sex, 
half are males and the other half are females. One-quarter of fraternal twins are both male, one-quarter both female, 
and one-half are mixes: one male, one female. You have just become a parent of twins and are told they are both girls. 
Given this information, what is the probability that they are identical?
    46

7.Question 7
Which of the following probabilities can be calculated using the normal approximation to the binomial distribution?
    A clothing store offers store credit cards and only about 17% of the credit card holders are males. If we were to randomly sample 100 store credit card holders to conduct a survey, what is the probability that at most 20 of the sampled individuals would be males?
